Materials needed:
•	Ardunio Uno
•	6 5mm Red LEDs (RD)
•	4 5mm Green LEDs (GRN)
•	1 5mm Blue LED (BLU)
•	6 150 Ohm Resistors
•	5 220 Ohm Resistors
•	1 10k Ohm Resistor
•	1 Temporary Switch/Push Button
•	1 Piezo Buzzer
•	1 TowerPro SG90 Mini Gear Micro Servo
•	Jumper Cables
•	Breadboard
•	Blown up rubber glove (the bigger the better!)  


~INSTRUCTION~

Setting Up Breadboard:
Attach a jumper cable from the GND of the Arduino Uno to the negative rails on the breadboard. 
Attach another jumper cable from the 5V slot to one of the positive rail of the breadboard.

Setting Up Button:
Set up the button to the breadboard. Connect the 10k Ohm resister to one side of the button on the breadboard. 
Use a jumper cable to connect digital pin 13 of the Arduino to the side of the button that the resistor 
is connected to so that the resistor is in between that jumper cable and the button. 
With another jumper cable, connect the other side of the resistor to the 5V rails of the bread board. 
This will prevent the button from giving floating values. 
Then use another jumper cable to connect other side of the button to negative rail of the breadboard.

Setting Up Buzzer:
Connect the piezo buzzer to the breadboard. 
Use a jumper cable to connect the analog pin 4 to the positive side of the buzzer and connect the 
negative side of the buzzer to ground/negative rail.

Setting Up LEDs:
Set up the LEDs (starting from left to right) in the following color order to the breadboard: 
GRN - RED – GRN – RED – RED – BLU – RED – RED – GRN – RED – GRN.
Connect all the cathodes(negative/shorter side) to the ground/negative rails on the breadboard. 
You can also do this by directly placing the cathodes of the LEDs into the negative rails or just use jumper cables. 
Use the 150 Ohm resistors and connect them to the anodes of the all the RED LEDs on the breadboard and 
use the 220 Ohm resistors and connect them to the anodes of all the BLU and GRN LEDs and the breadboard. 
These resistors will reduce the voltage to the right amount required by each color of the LED given a 20mA current draw
from each LED and lowering power consumed by the LEDs. 
Now use a jumper cable and connect digital pin 12 on the Arduino to the resistor connected to the left most GRN LED on the breadboard, 
then with another jumper cable connect pin 11 to the resistor connected to the next LED to the right. 
Continue respectively with the rest of the LEDs (pin 10 to resistor of third LED from the left, pin 9 to resistor of the forth LED from the left, etc.)

Setting Up Servo:
Connect the VCC(power) of the servo to the 5V power rail on the breadboard. 
Connect the ground(negative) of the servo to the negative rail or ground on the Arduino. 
Attach the signal to the Arduino’s analog pin 5. Attach the blown up glove to the servo hand using tape or glue. 
Place servo near players face.

Now your all set up! Connect the Arduino to your computer, upload the Slappity code to the Arduino and enjoy.
